README.md, before:

# Checkout Process Mock
A mock that showcases a checkout process, constructed with Vue.js.

---

## Installation
You can clone this project from here: [github link](https://github.com/CHIA-AN-YANG/checkout-process.git)
### 1. Clone and install
Clone with HTTPs:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CHIA-AN-YANG/checkout-process.git
```
Alternatively, clone with SSH:
```bash
git clone git@github.com:CHIA-AN-YANG/checkout-process.git
```
Run npm install to install required plugins.
```
npm install
```
---

## Usage 
### 1. Compile and minify for production
Since webpack comes with Vue-cli and does the minification, it does not require external task runners.
```
npm run build
```
### 2. Compile and hot-reload
```
npm run serve
```

---

## Unit Test
This mock uses **Vue Test Utils** - the official unit testing utility library for Vue.js. 
Run the following script for unit testing:
```
npm run test:unit
```
---

## Version Information
  - vue: ^2.6.14
  - Node.js: ^14.17.1
  - npm: ^6.14.13
  - vue-router: ^3.5.2
  - @vue-stripe/vue-stripe: ^4.2.5
  - axios: ^0.21.1
  - lodash: ^4.17.21
  - bootstrap-vue": "^2.21.2"
  
## Contributing
Drop me an email, leave a comment, or make pull request if you have any suggestions for improvement. I would greatly appreciate it!
My email address is: chiaan.y.creativeworker@gmail.com

Commit message:

:pencil: update README.md regarding https protocol

README.md, after:

# Checkout Process Mock
A mock that showcases a checkout process, constructed with Vue.js.

---

## Installation
You can clone this project from here: [github link](https://github.com/CHIA-AN-YANG/checkout-process.git)
### 1. Clone and install
Clone with HTTPs:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CHIA-AN-YANG/checkout-process.git
```
Alternatively, clone with SSH:
```bash
git clone git@github.com:CHIA-AN-YANG/checkout-process.git
```
Run npm install to install required plugins.
```
npm install
```
---

## Usage 
Before start this project locally, check if you have installed an SSL certificate for `localhost`. If not, you may get the warning message that the site is not secure.
To use HTTP for localhost, comment out the HTTPS setting in `vue.config.js` accordingly:
```
//vue.config.js
//module.exports = { devServer: { https: true } }
```
### 1. Compile and minify for production
Since webpack comes with Vue-cli and does the minification, it does not require external task runners.
```
npm run build
```
### 2. Compile and hot-reload
```
npm run serve
```

---

## Unit Test
This mock uses **Vue Test Utils** - the official unit testing utility library for Vue.js. 
Run the following script for unit testing:
```
npm run test:unit
```
---

## Version Information
  - vue: ^2.6.14
  - Node.js: ^14.17.1
  - npm: ^6.14.13
  - vue-router: ^3.5.2
  - @vue-stripe/vue-stripe: ^4.2.5
  - axios: ^0.21.1
  - lodash: ^4.17.21
  - bootstrap-vue": "^2.21.2"
  
## Contributing
Drop me an email, leave a comment, or make pull request if you have any suggestions for improvement. I would greatly appreciate it!
My email address is: chiaan.y.creativeworker@gmail.com
